Janna Aaliyah L. Angeles
Dream Crest Homes Subd. Longos
Malolos, Bulacan, 3000
janna.angeles0825@gmail.com
09438120638

December 12,2023

Hi-Precision Diagnostics Center, Inc.
Del Monte, Quezon, 1105

Dear Hiring Manager,

I am writing to express my interest in the Java Programmer position at Hi-Precision Diagnostics Center, Inc., as advertised on Indeed. With my skills and experience in software development, I am confident that I can contribute to your team's success.

Having recently completed my BS in Information Technology with a major in Web and Mobile Application Development from Bulacan State University, I have gained a solid foundation in problem-solving and software development. My coursework in computer and object oriented, programming have equipped me with the necessary skills to write clean and efficient code.

My experience at Accenture as an Associate Software Engineer and during my internship enhanced my knowledge in various software and Agile Development. My role required a keen attention to detail, strong analytical skills, and the ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams. I pride myself on my attention to detail and my ability to communicate complex findings effectively. These skills, along with my proficiency in various software tools, have equipped me to handle technical challenges.

What excites me most about the opportunity at Hi-Precision Diagnostics Center, Inc. is your commitment in delivering high-quality services to your patients. I am eager to contribute to these efforts, leveraging my technical background and analytical skills to ensure the seamless flow of operations within the organization.

I would be honored to be a part of your company and contribute my skills and experience to your team.

Thank you for considering my application. I am excited about the opportunity to join and contribute to Hi-Precision Diagnostics Center, Inc. I have submitted my resume along with this, detailing my qualifications and experiences. I would be delighted to discuss how my skills and background align with the requirements of the Java Programmer Position. I am available at your earliest convenience for an interview. 

Thank you so much for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Janna Aaliyah L. Angeles